c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.dll.config
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.pdb
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.dll
c:\users\tuanbita\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.pdb
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.dll.config
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.pdb
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.pdb
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.dll.config
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.pdb
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.pdb
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.dll.config
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.pdb
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.dll
C:\Users\HienHD\Documents\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.pdb
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.dll.config
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\FoodShop.pdb
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Owin.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.dll
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.pdb
E:\GitHub\Fooddy\FoodShop\FoodShop\obj\Debug\FoodShop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
